without a doubt, The biggest failure I ever had was when I was in a helicopter
crash in 2011. We crash in your craft, and it was totally our
fault. We thought we were doing everything right. And turns out we
messed up one calculation. And when we did that, we had a false perception
of reality. Essentially, Um, so unfortunately, no one died.
We all walked away, but it was a very humbling experience. A lot of
the times when you see people make mistakes in your career field and
doesn't matter if you're in the military or not, I think you your
initial responses. How could that person possibly have done that? That
seems so silly and stupid. But the reality is we're all walking on
a very fine line of failure and success, and we all will experience
failure sometime during our career. Feels it might not be as extreme
as as that as crashing an aircraft, but it will happen and only thing
you can do is learn from it. The thing I learned from it was that
is just basically what I said. Failure is a natural part of any career.
It's going to happen, you need to be humble through it. If you're
not humble, then you can't learn from it. And that's That's the
on Lee. That's one of those. If nothing else. That's the good you can
take from a really bad situation. The other good. Another good you
can take from it is that it allows you perspective on other people's
failures. It is very important, Uh, failure, as I said, is going
to happen is gonna happen in your unit and probably the people that
work for you. We're gonna fail and you're gonna learn, need to learn
how to deal with their failure, especially when it impacts you. If
you cannot perhaps show mercy or you realize that it's not a systemic
failure, Uh, you know, you got to realize that maybe they can learn
from it and be better than they are right now.